---
title: FFXIV How to obtain the high roulette dungeons revealed!
date: 2023-01-05 13:39:25
categories:
- Point Place Casino
tags:
---


#  FFXIV How to obtain the high roulette dungeons revealed!

Since patch 4.4 of Final Fantasy XIV, adventurers have had their eyes on the new high roulette dungeons. The Enigmata of the Omniscience and Thefter of All Knowledge, located in the pinnacle of the Alexander raid series. The dungeons offer level 70 players a new challenge and great rewards for those who can clear them.

In order to obtain the key item required to enter these challenging dungeons, players must first complete the following quests:
The Enigma Codex (Hard) & Theft of All Knowledge (Hard)

* These Hard Mode versions of the quests are only available if your party has cleared the normal version of the quest first.

These quests can be found in turn 8 & 9 of Alexander - The Burden of The Father, and are part of the main storyline for that raid tier. Be prepared for a tough fight as you progress through these quests - they are not meant to be taken lightly!


Once you have completed these two hard mode quests, the key item needed to unlock the high roulette dungeons will drop from the final boss - Urianger von Eorzea. After defeating him, make sure to check your loot list as you will receive an "Omniscience Key." This is what you need in order to queue up for either The Enigmata of Omniscience or Theft of All Knowledge.

#  FFXIV fans rejoice as details on the new dungeon roulette are released!

Square Enix recently released details on the new dungeon roulette for Final Fantasy XIV. Players will now be able to queue up for a random dungeon, regardless of their level, and receive rewards based on their performance. This exciting addition is sure to be a hit with fans of the game, who have been eagerly awaiting news of more content to come in the Stormblood expansion.

The new dungeon roulette is slated to go live on November 15th, just in time for the launch of the game's latest patch 4.1. In addition to the excitement generated by this new feature, the patch will also include additional quests, attirea set for samurai characters, and more. Square Enix has been hard at work ensuring that there is plenty of content available for players as they continue their journey through the world of Eorzea.

The Stormblood expansion has already delivered plenty of excitement to fans of FFXIV. The new areas and dungeons that have been added offer a wealth of new experiences for players to explore. The introduction of the monk job has also been well-received, offering players a fresh way to experience combat in the game. With the release of patch 4.1 looming on the horizon, there is much to look forward to for players both old and new alike.

#  Russian Federation gives FFXIV fans a taste of the new content!

As we all eagerly anticipate the release of Stormblood, the next expansion for Final Fantasy XIV, Square Enix has teased us with a little taste of what we can expect. Russian servers were given a sneak peak at the new content on March 17th, and lucky players were able to participate in a mini-game event while they waited!

The event was called “The Hunt” and it took place in the open world areas around The Ruby Sea. Players were given objectives to complete such as defeating certain enemies or gathering items, and in return they were rewarded with titles, mounts, and other prizes.

This was a great way to give players a little taste of the new content, as well as some of the new mechanics that will be included in Stormblood. For example, one of the objectives was to gather Volcanic Dregs from enemies in The Ruby Sea. This is likely a hint at one of the new classes that will be available in the expansion – the Red Mage!

Overall, I thought this event was really well done. It gave players a chance to explore some of the new areas in The Ruby Sea, and it also introduced them to some of the new mechanics that will be available in Stormblood. I can’t wait to see more of what Square Enix has in store for us!

#  Details on the new dungeon roulette for FFXIV revealed!

Square Enix has announced that they will be introducing a new dungeon roulette system in the game Final Fantasy XIV. The new system is set to go into effect on November 15th and it will be replacing the current random dungeon system.

Under the new dungeon roulette system, players will have the ability to queue for a random dungeon by talking to an NPC in the inn. Players can queue for any of the 8 randomly selected dungeons, and they will be rewarded with experience points and Allagan tomestones of esoterics based on their performance.

In addition, players who complete all 8 of the randomly selected dungeons during a single week will be rewarded with an exclusive weapon reward. The weapon is called the “Thorn Blade”, and it is a dagger that provides increased damage against plant type enemies.

 Square Enix has also announced that they are making some changes to the Duty Roulette system. Under the new system, players who achieve a certain level of difficultly in a dungeon will receive bonus rewards. These rewards include experience points, Allagan tomestones of esoterics, and Grand Company seals.

#  Get ready to explore the new high roulette dungeons in FFXIV!

With the much anticipated new expansion for Final Fantasy XIV just around the corner, Square Enix has released a slew of new information to get players excited for what’s to come. Included in this latest reveal was news about two new high tier dungeons - The Royal City of Rabanastre and the Nameless Knight’s Tomb.

The Royal City of Rabanastre is a dungeon based on the city of the same name in Final Fantasy XII. This location will be one of the most challenging in the game, as it is specifically tailored for players in the level 60-70 range. The dungeon will require quick reflexes and strategic planning if you hope to make it out alive.

Meanwhile, the Nameless Knight’s Tomb is designed for players in the level 50-60 range and takes place in an abandoned knight’s stronghold. This dungeon is full of deadly traps and devious puzzles that will test even the most seasoned adventurers.

Both of these new high tier dungeons are sure to provide hours of excitement and challenge for FF14 fans. Be sure to check them out when Stormblood launches on June 20th!